_pages/people.md, before:

---
title: People
permalink: /people
layout: splash
header:
  overlay_color: "#044"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
uef:
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/liikanen.jpg"
    title: Ilkka Liikanen
    excerpt: "Ilkka Liikanen is Professor of Border and Russian studies at the Karelian Institute, University of Eastern Finland and Docent in Political History at the University of Helsinki. In 2017 he worked as visiting scholar at Carleton University, Ottawa. He has published widely on nationalism and nation-building, social movements and political language as well as post-Soviet politics and borders. He is the editor of Routledge Borderlands Studies."
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/katajala.jpg"
    title: Kimmo Katajala
    excerpt: ""
    url: ""  
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/kuusisto.jpg"
    title: Alina Kuusisto
    excerpt: ""
    url: ""  
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/merovuo.jpg"
    title: Jenni Merovuo
    excerpt: ""
    url: ""  
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/harkonen.jpg"
    title: Antti Härkönen
    excerpt: "Antti Härkönen is a junior researcher at the Department of Geographical and Historical Studies at the University of Eastern Finland specialising in digital humanities and pre- 20th century history. He is writing a dissertation on the use of geospatial analysis in historical research using the spatial segregation of religious groups of Vyborg as a case study."
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
tku:
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/jalava.jpg"
    title: Marja Jalava
    excerpt: "Marja Jalava acts as Professor in Cultural History at the School of History, Culture and Arts Studies at the University of Turku. She gained her PhD in 2005 at the University of Helsinki in Finnish and Scandinavian History. Her research interests lie in intellectual history, conceptual history, history of historiography, history of emotions, and the modern history of Finland and the Nordic countries."
    url: "https://research.utu.fi/converis/portal/Person/17615144"  
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
hki:
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/marjanen.jpg"
    title: Jani Marjanen
    excerpt: "Jani Marjanen is a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Helsinki from where he gained his PhD in 2014. In 2014-2015 he was visiting scholar at the Max Planck Institute for Human Development, Berlin. He specializes in late eighteenth-century and early nineteenth-century language of economic patriotism in Scandinavia, the theory and method of conceptual history, and public debate in Finland in the nineteenth century. He is one of the editors of Contributions to the History of Concepts (<https://www.berghahnjournals.com/view/journals/contributions/contributions-overview.xml>)."
    url: "https://researchportal.helsinki.fi/en/persons/jani-marjanen"  
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
peter:
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/potapova.jpg"
    title: Natalia Potapova
    excerpt: ""
    url: ""  
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
soder:
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/kurunmaki.jpg"
    title: Jussi Kurunmäki
    excerpt: ""
    url: ""  
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
---

# University of Eastern Finland
{: .text-center}

{% include feature_row id="uef" %}

# University of Turku
{: .text-center}

{% include feature_row id="tku" %}

# European University of St. Petersburg
{: .text-center}

{% include feature_row id="peter" %}

# University of Helsinki
{: .text-center}

{% include feature_row id="hki" %}

# University of Södertörn
{: .text-center}

{% include feature_row id="soder" %}

Commit message:

texts for Jenni, Alina, Jussi

_pages/people.md, after:

---
title: People
permalink: /people
layout: splash
header:
  overlay_color: "#044"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
uef:
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/liikanen.jpg"
    title: Ilkka Liikanen
    excerpt: "Ilkka Liikanen is Professor of Border and Russian studies at the Karelian Institute, University of Eastern Finland and Docent in Political History at the University of Helsinki. In 2017 he worked as visiting scholar at Carleton University, Ottawa. He has published widely on nationalism and nation-building, social movements and political language as well as post-Soviet politics and borders. He is the editor of Routledge Borderlands Studies."
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/katajala.jpg"
    title: Kimmo Katajala
    excerpt: ""
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/kuusisto.jpg"
    title: Alina Kuusisto
    excerpt: "Alina Kuusisto is a postdoctoral researcher at the Karelian Institute, University of Eastern Finland. She gained her PhD in 2017 in Finnish History. She has studied higher education policy, Finnish and European policies of cross-border cooperation and local and regional history of North Karelia and Eastern Finland in 19th and 20th centuries. "
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/merovuo.jpg"
    title: Jenni Merovuo
    excerpt: "Jenni Merovuo is an early stage researcher at the Department of Geographical and Historical studies, University of Eastern Finland. In 2018, she was a visiting doctoral scholar at the University of Stockholm. She studies border history, and peripheral and from-below agency from the 18th century to the 20th century. Her PhD research focuses on border-building and belonging to a state on the Russo-Swedish borderland in the late-18th century."
    url: "https://uefconnect.uef.fi/en/person/jenni.merovuo/"
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/harkonen.jpg"
    title: Antti Härkönen
    excerpt: "Antti Härkönen is a junior researcher at the Department of Geographical and Historical Studies at the University of Eastern Finland specialising in digital humanities and pre- 20th century history. He is writing a dissertation on the use of geospatial analysis in historical research using the spatial segregation of religious groups of Vyborg as a case study."
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
tku:
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/jalava.jpg"
    title: Marja Jalava
    excerpt: "Marja Jalava acts as Professor in Cultural History at the School of History, Culture and Arts Studies at the University of Turku. She gained her PhD in 2005 at the University of Helsinki in Finnish and Scandinavian History. Her research interests lie in intellectual history, conceptual history, history of historiography, history of emotions, and the modern history of Finland and the Nordic countries."
    url: "https://research.utu.fi/converis/portal/Person/17615144"  
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
hki:
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/marjanen.jpg"
    title: Jani Marjanen
    excerpt: "Jani Marjanen is a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Helsinki from where he gained his PhD in 2014. In 2014-2015 he was visiting scholar at the Max Planck Institute for Human Development, Berlin. He specializes in late eighteenth-century and early nineteenth-century language of economic patriotism in Scandinavia, the theory and method of conceptual history, and public debate in Finland in the nineteenth century. He is one of the editors of Contributions to the History of Concepts (<https://www.berghahnjournals.com/view/journals/contributions/contributions-overview.xml>)."
    url: "https://researchportal.helsinki.fi/en/persons/jani-marjanen"  
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
peter:
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/potapova.jpg"
    title: Natalia Potapova
    excerpt: ""
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
soder:
  - image_path: "/assets/img/people/kurunmaki.jpg"
    title: Jussi Kurunmäki
    excerpt: "Jussi Kurunmäki is Adjunct Professor (Docent in Political Science 2011 and in Political History 2018), working at Tampere University. Previously, he led a research project at the University of Helsinki. He has for many years worked as a research fellow and lecturer at the Department of Political Science, Stockholm University, and at the Institute of Contemporary History, Södertörn University. His main fields of research include nineteenth- and twentieth-century conceptual history and the political rhetoric of isms. He is one of the editors of the Finnish anthology of conceptual history Käsitteet liikkeessä (Concepts in Motion) (2003), Rhetorics of Nordic Democracy (2010), Democracy in Modern Europe: A Conceptual History (2018), and the special issue on the political rhetoric of isms in Journal of Political Ideologies (2018). Kurunmäki is the chairperson of the international network Concepta – International Research Seminars in Conceptual History and Political Thought."
    btn_label: "Publications"
    btn_class: "btn--info"
---

# University of Eastern Finland
{: .text-center}

{% include feature_row id="uef" %}

# University of Turku
{: .text-center}

{% include feature_row id="tku" %}

# European University of St. Petersburg
{: .text-center}

{% include feature_row id="peter" %}

# University of Helsinki
{: .text-center}

{% include feature_row id="hki" %}

# University of Södertörn
{: .text-center}

{% include feature_row id="soder" %}
